README.md, before:

# Reading habit Dataset

## Installation

There should be no additional libraries to run the code beyond the Anaconda distribution of Python (versions 3.\*). The code was tested on local Mac.

The code has printed out the version for important libraries for future reference.

## Project Motivation

I am personally interested in building and maintaining good habits. I took reading as an example, and chose [Reading habit Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/vipulgote4/reading-habit-dataset) to better understand:

1. What factors about an individual contributed to number of books to read?
2. Which media (printed books, e-books, audiobooks) results in more books to be read?
3. How do the book lovers differentiate themselves from others?

## File Descriptions

The ipynb notebook includes all code of exploratory data analysis. The reading-habit-dataset/ directory is where dataset should be stored as csv.

## Results

Please find the summary of the data analysis results in [3 Tips to Build a Good Reading Habit](https://kazuhirokomoda.medium.com/3-tips-to-build-a-good-reading-habit-299b9e61529f) blog post.

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements

- [Reading habit Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/vipulgote4/reading-habit-dataset)
- [Japanese version](https://www.oreilly.co.jp/books/9784873117980/) of the book ["Introduction to Machine Learning with Python"](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/introduction-to-machine/9781449369880/)
- Kaggle competition [House Prices: Advanced Regression Techniques](https://www.kaggle.com/c/house-prices-advanced-regression-techniques#description) shows many ideas related to data analysis
- [Stratified sampling for regression LB: 1.4627](https://www.kaggle.com/youhanlee/stratified-sampling-for-regression-lb-1-4627)

Commit message:

Add note on GitHub preview.

README.md, after:

# Reading habit Dataset

## Installation

There should be no additional libraries to run the code beyond the Anaconda distribution of Python (versions 3.\*). The code was tested on local Mac.

The code has printed out the version for important libraries for future reference.

## Project Motivation

I am personally interested in building and maintaining good habits. I took reading as an example, and chose [Reading habit Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/vipulgote4/reading-habit-dataset) to better understand:

1. What factors about an individual contributed to number of books to read?
2. Which media (printed books, e-books, audiobooks) results in more books to be read?
3. How do the book lovers differentiate themselves from others?

## File Descriptions

The ipynb notebook includes all code to reproduce exploratory data analysis. (**In case GitHub preview does not show some tables correctly, please download to check the correct content.**)

The reading-habit-dataset/ directory is where dataset should be stored as csv.

## Results

Please find the summary of the data analysis results in [3 Tips to Build a Good Reading Habit](https://kazuhirokomoda.medium.com/3-tips-to-build-a-good-reading-habit-299b9e61529f) blog post.

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements

- [Reading habit Dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/vipulgote4/reading-habit-dataset)
- [Japanese version](https://www.oreilly.co.jp/books/9784873117980/) of the book ["Introduction to Machine Learning with Python"](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/introduction-to-machine/9781449369880/)
- Kaggle competition [House Prices: Advanced Regression Techniques](https://www.kaggle.com/c/house-prices-advanced-regression-techniques#description) shows many ideas related to data analysis
- [Stratified sampling for regression LB: 1.4627](https://www.kaggle.com/youhanlee/stratified-sampling-for-regression-lb-1-4627)
